Nishant list (#24)
ppannuto/patpannuto.com: classes/2021/spring/cse291/index.md

    Read and review:
    <ul>
      <li><a href="/papers/cao2008virtualbattery.pdf">Virtual Battery: An Energy Reserve Abstraction for Embedded Sensor Networks</a></li>

>       <li><a href="https://dsf.berkeley.edu/papers/tods05-tinydb.pdf">TinyDB: An Acquisitional Query ProcessingSystem for Sensor Networks</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li><a href="https://dsf.berkeley.edu/papers/tods05-tinydb.pdf">TinyDB: An Acquisitional Query Processing System for Sensor Networks</a></li>
```
